# Change-Of-the_Changelings
The Change of the Changelings  It’s 1007 ALB. The Queendom is Silent… for now. After the failed attack on Canterlot in 1002, the Queendom was fractured into multiple states each vying for power.  Chrysalis, the Queen who tried to conquer Equestria and failed, reconquered her old Vassals and the other Queendom into her own Queendom. The last opposition was Antax, a vassal of Vraks.   The queens felt they had no choice but to bow under the might of Chrysalis and soon the entire Changeling Lands is once more United… but for how long?  Deep within the woods near Soryth and scattered across the east, small  but resolute groups of Changelings calling themselves the Thoraxians under the leadership of Thorax who returned from his exile and spread the ideals of Harmonism. They have been fighting for over 2 years for their Homeland, currently small they may have the potential to become a behemoth if left unchecked.  In the north, in the dark tundra near Key lake lies a Group of Hivex who’s ruler ship is under not Queens like the other Hives within the Queendom. They are ruled by independent councils of Changelings who have started to sway towards the belief and the ideals of Socialism, currently ithesd hives are represented by Gold Muffin recently having just came from Stalliongrad and now these hives fearfully watch the actions of Chrysalis!  These two groups are not the only ones they can threaten Chrysalis’s power, the Traditionalists and her Rival Queens all are not liking the direction where the nation is heading. Rapid Herzlandization and slow death of their culture… it is only a matter of time until the Change is coming  But one question Remains. Will the Changelings be able to cope with the Change whether they like it or not?
